Account creation with multiple keys and non default key weights (#178)
onflow/flow-cli: docs/create-accounts.md

Specify the public key that will be added to the new account
upon creation.

### Key Weight

- Flag: `--key-weight`
- Valid inputs: number between 0 and 1000
- Default: 1000

> Specify the weight of the key. When key weight is provided it must 
> match the number of keys. Specify key weight flag for each key flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the weight of the public key being added to the new account. 

When opting to use this flag, you must specify a `--key-weight` flag for each public `--key` flag provided.
```
